In the last lectures we worked on our recipes feature module and we learned what feature modules are
to begin with.
Now let's have a look at shared modules.
Let's consider this set up here at Marchal with multiple feature modules though it could also of course
only be one feature module and then we have a directive which is shared across multiple modules ever
shared across multiple feature modules or across the app module and feature modules.
In this case we can put these directives into a shared module which basically is a module not containing
a feature but only something which is shared across multiple module.
Exactly what we will need in our recipe book to make this dropped on the record of available in both
our app module where we use it in the header and the recipes detail component in the recipes module.
So lets see how we can build such a share module and use it in the next lectures.